# Tableau-Projects-SeattleWebVizs-

1 . Top 10 pages by sum of pageviews : The most viewed pages are sort of informing about Seattle services portals such as fire/911, waiting times, pay my bill, visiting Seattle, employment to the people of the Seattle city.
2. Top ten pages with most AvgTimeonPage: On the other hand, top ten pages with most average time spent are the pages full of functionality such as logging into one’s account and pay dues, check current status or file a new application etc. Therefore, people are spending more time on these pages in comparison to the default page of respective pages.
3. Monthly Trends: The insights can be derived that increase in pageviews are showing increased popularity and number of users of the website. I compared month wise trends of total avg time on page versus total pageviews which shows increase in both metrics between December 2015 and May 2016. Also, I included Maximum bounce rate versus maximum percent exit which is showing 1% bounce rate from Jan 2015 to December 2015 and then 100% bounce rate in the month of January 2016, but percent exit is 1% only. I’m still figuring out how increase in pageviews and increase in bounce rate are happening at the same time.
4. Clearly, it can be seen that the fire/realtime911 has most pageviews and certainly this page provides lifesaving information and prevention technique besides this page consists of the top requests such as Permits, construction Inspections, children’s program, plan review and systems testing. Also, public record can be requested here and other current fire-related news of the city. Second most viewed Page is the log file for the same(fire/realtime911). Third most viewed page is the main(default) page of the Seattle website that has all the e-governance portals. Thereafter, people looked for job/employment in the city which contains link such as “how to apply”,” additional employment info (fire & police exams, work study, temporary employment)” and “benefits and pay”. Then, I created a monthly chart to see month and year wise total pageviews and I observed that maximum pageviews was recorded between December 2015 and May 2016.
Seattle department of construction & Inspections page shows the estimated wait times for in-person visits. Here, percent exit is 1% whereas bounce rate is 29% that is only 1% site exits from the website. I found this interesting as 29% bounce rate with 1 % exit, which means this page is holding user here. Similarly, interesting difference can be seen in 1st and 2nd top most pages have 0% exit whereas 44% and 43% bounce rate respectively and supporting the fact that these pages contain useful links.   
